Alrighty, so you've reached now
the course remaster, work-in-progress section.
So see the course remaster video in section one
of this course if you're unsure what this is all about.
Basically, this is a work in progress
where I'm going through section by section,
replacing the contents of the course
with newly-created and updated content,
basically improving and making it a better course.
So what I'm doing is, to avoid confusion,
I'm replacing an entire section of the course at a time.
So as I work through this particular section,
this is an unfinished, work-in-progress section.
Once I complete it, I'll actually move all the videos
to the relevant section in the course,
and then start the next section.
So basically, I'm replacing the old version
with the new version as I'm actually going through.
Now in terms of the new content, you should see content
in this section, in this work-in-progress section,
at least weekly, and hopefully more often than that.
It's a work in progress, and obviously it's a huge course,
77 hours, so it's going to take me awhile,
but for now, this is the work in progress.
Enjoy, I'll see you in the next video.